Second aunt
Second aunt, second aunt
Eat chicken
Where is she?
Where?
Second aunt
Grandpa wants to borrow money
Why don't you take a look?
What's there to see?
The money borrowed was not for me.
Second aunt, listen to me
Yesterday I agreed
After borrowing money from Uncle Jin,
I tossed and turned all night
I will think about it
If Lian Huaier marries into the Song family,
Are they the Song family?
certainly
But on this IOU
This is my handprint
The Song family borrowed money
Even family members left their fingerprints
Second aunt, are you comfortable?
even on the ground
He still feels uncomfortable
No, what do you mean?
I mean
Just this IOU
They are the fingerprints we leave on our families
If later
Hua'er said she was from the Song family
Why
pay us and our families
Do we have to get our money back?
If Uncle Jane wants to collect the bill
Our room is here too
The land is here too
You can't even escape.
an old man
Find out if there is a problem
Just sign and commit
Then the world married me
exchange money
no problem
What kind of person are you?
my father knows
Then it
I'll mention my grandfather in a moment
Would you assist me?
I'm still waiting for you
I'm waiting
dad
The handprint of this IOU
Flowers must be pressed tightly
this flower
She is still a girl who has not yet left the courtroom.
Where can I do something like this?
Father should have pressed the button
The father is the head of the family, right?
Although this is true
But what about words?
But you can't say that
Sister-in-law, that’s all
Everything is in good condition
Although Hua'er's words sound nice
But if you can’t get the money in the future
This must be taken
Even the land and house at home are worth it.
then we
But how do we live?
How do you live?
This chief protects children
Although this is human nature
Shan Lian's family
Hua'er is not just a daughter
I also have Ye'er and Ji Zu.
Where is our half-brother?
It's even a flower
She is just a daughter after all
Our grandfather is a grandson
From now on we will have to rely on these family assets.
Study and marry
Today’s footprints
Flowers must be pressed tightly
Second aunt
This money was lent to me
I will definitely pay
Okay, okay, push it again, push it again
Come and click on it
Ryan Manner
There are elders here
Is it your turn to interrupt?
third child
You still don’t discipline me
your inspiration
More and more disrespectful
Manier
Let your father decide
our flowers
I certainly won't default on my debt.
besides it
So where is the old man now?
Let the granddaughter come forward
He is the one who makes the decision to borrow money.
If this thing spreads
let strangers know
after that
How come you miss our family?
Uncle Jin is not a talkative person.
Don't even tell your family
who knows
How dare you say so much?
This young master of the Lian family is extremely powerful.
It seems that even the head of the family cannot communicate
He is your eldest son
I'm not dead yet
dad
That was not what I meant
or
Let's discuss it some more
Xiucai Xianggong
We made an agreement before
I said let me write this thank you letter
brought here
now look at this
look at your family
He also said we would discuss it later
I, Lao Jin, am not
Everything you say is nonsense
People who borrow money from our bank
You can queue from the village head to the city head
five hundred taels of silver
There is a lot of gold every day
Do you want to be insincere?
Don't block my money path either
dad
I press
The problem of forced marriage was finally solved
No one should bother me anymore
correct
You should think fast to make money
Although this place is beautiful, I can't stay here for long.
rhubarb
You feel
Can I earn a thousand gold coins?
capable
able
I feel relieved after listening to your words
he goes
I know
Make money selling Pyracantha
very slow
But this is only a temporary measure
I investigated
What lipstick and red makes a pig wet?
Everyone is selling
Let you work hard
Too big, too qualified
so
Go write a letter to yourself
Writing a letter suits you
Also, you’re missing out on the market
don’t worry.
Why not reject it quickly?
I have considered
This business does not require funds
no technical content
you
just sit there
With your handsome face
This girl can't catch up
Will I spend money on you?
I'm not talking about you
What does beautiful face mean?
I mean
This god gave me food
feed into mouth
It would be rude if you don't eat again
besides it
You still owe me one hundred taels
Paying off debt is normal
In addition to writing letters
Everything else can be considered
Okay, then you can tell me
what can you do?
My heart doesn't want to move
Face reluctant to sell
Pick a piece of Pyracantha and grind it up.
Xiaoqi is more capable than you
Sunset
Not satisfied with this basket
Don't come back
Xiao Qi
strangeness
Brother Shen Nuo is cool
It's filling up quickly, so let's go.
We go home
good
Like this
Recurring thoughts and common dreams in daily life
Could it have been arranged five hundred years ago?
This body must belong to him
Someone calls the door
Listen to audio
she is female
Turns out he's not a thief
Wait for me to open the door
OK
All right
good
Like this
Recurring thoughts and common dreams in daily life
Thirteen
Go in, grab your stuff, then get out quickly
Lang Jun
you
Why are you dressed like this?
I'm getting ready to perform on stage
monitor
you are not restricted
Are you in danger?
i am tied
Tonight's band
He grabbed me on stage to make up the numbers.
That band is in the basement
Do you know where it comes from?
On the surface they are
They are the people who walk in the villages and alleys.
road technician
But his skills are really impressive
After I promised to meet you that day
I got here first
I happened to meet them as an occupier
This is a big car shop
It has been converted into a temporary building
Waiting for you to come
I'm attracted to this band leader.
detained without reason
So why did it take so long to arrive?
I was hit by a poisonous arrow
He also allowed officials to see his face
They were sending additional manpower
Look for me everywhere
I can only temporarily
Live in a farmer's house
Are you safe there?
All right
Don't worry, it's no big deal
I made a deal with that family
Now
He is their distant nephew
Do odd jobs for them on weekdays
Even if someone investigates
that family
It will also help me cover
Last time I came to see you
meet your guard
They are all practitioners
The injuries on my body at that time
he has not recovered yet
I can only leave now
But with your skills
Why not find an opportunity to escape?
because i found
How great is brotherly love
Plot synopsis of Never Leaving · · · · · ·
This man is handsome
not quality
Just stay with us at Shengde.
The world's No. 1 please take the dental floss whip
Then it depends on whether you can keep it.
the best
This king will not recruit a spouse
All right
Please Nianzi give us a chain pestle (please give money to the audience to stop)
It's him
I've seen this villain with my own eyes
Kill Mr. Sun
OK
Don't run, I haven't paid you yet
give me money
If you want someone, just say so.
Why play the "hard to get" game?
Dealing with your boss is very difficult.
The note stabbed Qing Ziqing (cut with gun and knife)
For me, doing anything is an illusion (for me running away is an illusion).
The palace is full of spring (full of slander)
Can he become a carefree person? (Could he be a liar?)
Just a friend in Chinese characters (Just a friend on the road)
Since we met (Since we met)
Why don't you give me a threshold (Why don't you give me your name)
It took me two days to pack up the pestle (the troupe came to perform here)
Start a business (do something bad)
I have ten thousand tiger heads (I am the king)
It’s just that the last name is Yu
look at your appearance
Even if you don't want to, you are still a person on the road
my brother
Since being arrested by Commander Yu,
He must have offended the monitor
I apologize first.
Do I dare to ask the squad leader to detain someone?
Why
Your brother doesn't know the rules
I sit on my bag
masculinity
Household items intended for human consumption
good luck
actually
Team Leader Yu, you'd better tell me your number
Give me a chance to make friends
You and I both know
Do you want my brother to go?
It's just a matter of your words
OK
lose tonight's show
Plus the fact that your brother abused me
Two hundred taels
Lion, open your mouth
Isn't this against traffic rules?
shut up
a base
I am the rule
Two hundred taels
This is so embarrassing.
seems just
leave my brother here
bid farewell
One hundred taels
fifty taels
Two hundred taels is two hundred taels
within a month
I will pay enough to redeem people
How dare you harass me?
Boss Yu, don't you like these things?
Is it a trick to stimulate others?
Then my little brother
Just leave it to Boss Yu
take good care of yourself
before leaving
I have a few words
You want to give him an order?
I have no idea
Thanks
Are you OK
Out of the way
I ask you
forward
Follow the rich
Why did it appear suddenly?
in a large car store
I don't have time to explain
I met this guy
Have a drink here and listen to the show
That's why I took a chance
Get news here
I heard it mentioned by chance at the Opera House
This man is the owner of Yuelai Restaurant
Yu Lai Restaurant
OK
I will go to this restaurant for a walk
You can stay and continue asking
OK
Come again next time
I walk slowly
The president is back
guest official
Really sorry
Where is our restaurant located?
one is hard to find
Today's reservations are fully booked
come back next time
Write a Contract Complaint Letter
Cross-thesis
Come and make room
This basket is made of firebush
Only a few copper plates were replaced
I want to earn enough gold coins
This won't last eight lifetimes
OK, thanks
Cross one or two
It feels weird when someone comes to your door
Gentlemen
i want to invite you
write me a letter
The girl wrote this
Gentlemen
Don't just write
please help meow
See if there are any problems
Yes
read
read it, read it, read it
There is another cost to this thinking.
Now is the time to read it, right?
read?
not yet
That's enough for now, isn't it?
You can read it now, right?
Come on, read it, read it.
Yes sir, please read.
Speed ​​Reading
read it, read it, read it
yes just read it
Just finished reading
Xianyun is deceiving herself
Fei Xingquan hates
The darkness of the Yin-Han distance
Enduring the journey back to Magpie Bridge
If love lasts forever
How are things like in the morning and evening?
Xinnuo
good read
Very talented
Yes
it's my turn
it's our turn
Don't press
Gentlemen
Who is this gentleman?
Who's carrying the basket here?
say something say something
Don’t you use your face to make money?
I don't want to be with you
I didn't say I wouldn't do it
But you used my idea
money you earn
He must be half as good as me
Who who? This is it
this girl
What do you want to write about?
me me me
exhibit
Do you want to write?
I want to be with you
fly together
Flying in the world will always be with you
This section is good
This part is better
This paragraph is much better than what I wrote
write down
I will also write to you later
Then you have to make good arrangements
don't stand in front of me
sisters
listen to me
Let's line up and come one by one
I guarantee everyone will have a copy
Really really really
Come on, come on, everyone, line up
I come first, I come first.
Come one by one
step back a little
Come back, come back
Sisters, let’s talk later.
Be careful, be careful not to hit
ETC。
I'm not done yet
this
This is the cost of your usual stay
This is the cost of your usual food and drink
Your mother doesn’t want my meal money
Yes
It's amazing how you can flatter others.
this is my mother
The cost of pony hairpins
Brother Heng is here to treat you
medical expenses
correct
Have you underestimated your ability to make money?
Why did you suddenly set up a stall?
I met my compatriots two days ago
he was arrested
You need two hundred taels of silver to redeem yourself
I need to save money for him
I just went into town to write a letter for me.
Real or fake?
So why do you think I am?
And you?
very honest
Well, the money is clearly divided.
for your compatriots
Manier
Where did this hairpin come from?
The money you made selling Pyracantha
Bought for my mother
Manel does have the ability
But there are many insects and snakes on the mountain
Don't go there next time
Karat Varti Debs Sher Melhar
He gave it to grandma
But it doesn't matter
I will make money in the future
Buy my mother something with gold and silver.
alarm
despite this
looks a bit simple
But it would definitely look good on my mom.
Not wearing it yet
I was worried that if I saw my milk, something would happen again.
Mom, save it for later.
my mom loves it
I just washed the dates
a taste
Sweet?
taste
Mom eats it too
OK
You eat, you eat
What's wrong
With a tiger face
I just saw Leanne Mannner
I still have the money bag in my hand
The money bag is still full of money
Mother
Where do you think she got the money?
I also saw her giving it to her third aunt
I'll give you a new hairpin as a gift
Look at this hair clip style
Why not say one tael of silver?
this is correct
Mother
Milk is collected every year
Here's how much you can save
If we allow two and three bedrooms
stolen
then we will suffer losses
Mom will go as soon as possible
Look at your third aunt’s tone
Look at Ryan Mannier
In the end what happened?
That's right, Mom
Do you take any medicine?
My mom can definitely give it to me
he has a younger brother
Let the second aunt shut her stinky mouth
Good morning, brother Nuo
Early bird gets the worm
Go out to the stall
You and I are inseparable
fly together
Flying over the human world
always with you
The industrial chain was formed so quickly
Who said it was the early bird?
There are bugs to eat
I read
Be an early bird
Was it eaten by bugs?
How fast these girls can climb walls
high speed
To understand is to understand
But I'm still picky anyway.
What do these people look like?
Having a good job is also a problem
what do you mean
Give them two, give me one
little beggar
Would you like to have dinner at Yuelai Restaurant?
you have money
Feel free to continue
he goes
Here you two are invited.
please sit down
What do you two want to eat?
take a look
If you have something nice to say, click on it
You're welcome
I'll come as soon as I leave
Conscience discovered
Then I won't be polite
girl
I'll tell you the name of the dish
Our signature dishes include
Steamed mutton, steamed bear feet, steamed deer tail.
Roast duck, roast chicken, roast goose
Braised pork, braised duck, chicken, bacon
Songhua Xiaoduer
dried meat sausage
White Smoked Chicken Su Bao Platter
Steamed papaya pig
Glutinous rice duck
Song Gongzi
Mid-Autumn Festival tomorrow
I gave you a small portion just for you
I prepared some small gifts
Then this batch of goods
Mr. Song, is that okay?
Give your children 10% more
It’s not easy for you to ship your goods
you mean
I was not good to you before
Song Song Gongzi
what are you saying?
Children don't dare
Small, that's what people
I'll give you a new pot of tea
My brother came early
I searched again
These are just ordinary diners
This leader was very moved
I still need to rely on you to do things
Give him ten guts
He didn't dare to go behind his back
listen to your news
this idiot
Yesterday I heard the wind
This is money
It's unfair to say that I shipped goods behind my back
The killer is here today
You're disturbing me again
What bad luck
Look at this beautiful laurel
Already split in half
Give this money to your boss and them
We can only eat leftovers
These people are indeed
I bought it very cheaply and it works great.
Who gets one or two, who gets five or six?
they know very well
It can't just be like this
I don't remember black and white
Don't worry
The time of your delivery
and missionaries
everything is in this book
Records are clear at a glance
these leaders
They are also in this book
Registered and stamped
Someone once asked him this question
He can't rely on anyone
OK
About next delivery
How are arrangements going?
Prince, don't worry
everything is in order
Click together, click together
This is still a flower
Which Song family do you want to marry into?
That's the Song family
any
Which
We opened many restaurants in the city
The one in the bank
Yes
Don't you know better?
this is a big family
There is a second one
then you will get married
Who is the son of the Song family?
I don't know and I don't care
Why do you ask so many questions?
Just ask when nothing happens
Total gossip
let's go
I haven't eaten yet
do you have money
Won't you wait for me?
When did you say that?
i am in treatment
I'm just taking you to see
This is the most profitable restaurant
Expand your horizons
Let's go now
After a while, the food was ordered.
you have to pay
i was cheated
Who should I send this to?
grandmother
Manier came back at the right time
Tomorrow is the Mid-Autumn Festival
You can give it to Uncle Jin later.
I send some packages there every month
Send a message by the way
Just say you owe him money
make people feel comfortable
The Lian family will not default on their debts
this matter
It would be more convenient for my uncle to go there.
If your uncle goes to deliver gifts
On the contrary, I think
There seems to be something important
Vice versa is not good
More suitable for children
Help yourself
Go ahead, okay
Finish
Take what you want to eat
Don't be polite to Uncle Jin.
Treat this place as your own home
really at home
I can't think of anything to eat
Take them all
Why didn't I see it?
Brother Yang
He went to Lao Wu Tou in the west of the village
He went to collect debts
Will be back soon
he
debt collection
correct
Then I have to take a look
Help yourself
Come and get more
Munir, Munir
here
Good sweep
Put this firewood away
This table is garbage
my life is difficult
this religion
I'm only a minute and a half away
not yet
The next few days
How should I live?
Yes
It's really hard for you.
Brother Heng
Manier
How did you get here?
ETC。
The water used to wash the chicken is dirty
I'm going to change clothes first
I got this for you
not much
this this this
he remembers
you are a debt collector
Not to pay off debts
Why are these ears so soft?
beside
What if you are
If you meet such an uncontrollable person again,
Remember to contact me
deal with this kind of person
i have many ideas
Manier
as the saying goes
I don't know whether to say it or not
You're welcome
No
Well, I have to thank you too
but
This family is actually in trouble
their old lady
time is limited
Don't look at it, this is killing chickens again
Another goose massacre
All this is just because we want to celebrate the Mid-Autumn Festival
I want to leave a message to the old lady
There are cows and sheep in the yard
They're all borrowed
compiled
leave the old lady
I felt comfortable when I left.
Debts you have collected
appreciate
This is the old lady
Money to buy a coffin
All right
When you need debt
I've never seen you talk so well.
Didn't make any money
I also paid a dime in compensation.
Manier, you are so kind.
You will be in debt in the future
leave me alone
Please sing a song tomorrow
Go together
I will not go
I have to make more money as soon as possible.
Not bad today
good weather
bumper harvest
Brother Youheng, I have been waiting for a long time.
I've only been here a while
I have no expectations
Brother Shen is also interested in this
country dance
but that's it
Brother Yang
Why sing during this Mid-Autumn Festival?
All the people here are young men and women.
There are many couples in the village
We got to know each other when we sang together.
exhibit
Although it looks like square dancing
but it's fun
Square dance
This is the kind of dance that is performed on the dam
you are all ready
Manier
Then I'll show off my skills
Together
I think Brother Shen is not good at dancing
Don't embarrass him
let's go
Won't you come?
Better than nothing
No matter you stay with Maner
for what purpose
When you're done with your work, leave quickly.
Brother Ewing v. Lienman
really worried
Just remember my words
What if I don't leave?